over the past decade Vin Diesel has
become an international movie superstar
thanks in large part to his signature
role as big bulb strongman and fast car
movies Oh hold on actually he's uh he's
the other one yeah there we go using his
superhuman physique and almost
supernatural deep voice Vin Diesel has
carved out quite a niche for himself in
Hollywood that doesn't seem to be going
away anytime soon but while Vin has
built a reputation as being a bit of a
badass on screen off screen think our to
get weird because when he doesn't have a
script to fall back on and has to form
words and God forbid sentences with this
tiny little meatball brain things start
to go south pretty quickly in the most
fascinating way I love you but to
understand who he is now we must start
at the beginning
Vin Diesel was born in 1932 inside of a
burning building his father a camel
worked in the famine industry which was
thriving at the time you know maybe I
don't need to do a video I say for
everything brush tool' and perfect hey
guy welcome back to the first and only
channel on YouTube where as you can
probably tell I moved and although I'll
always cherish the memories I have from
inside that cheap-ass apartment that was
basically just one medium-sized room
infested with cockroaches I'm excited to
move on to this new more expensive
chapter in my life the best thing about
living in a house as opposed to the
second floor of a three-story apartment
is I no longer have to deal with
upstairs neighbors which in my case
happened to be six of the loudest human
beings in the world that's right I said
six they also lived in a one-bedroom
apartment so try and figure that one out
because I never did but that's all water
under the bridge I suppose cuz things
are already starting to look up for old
drew in fact why don't I give you guys a
quick tour of the place you already know
you boys out you start in his house tour
in
bathroom but the fun doesn't end there
guys cuz we also got another bathroom
finally a man that I can pee at the same
time without making it's big of a mess
we've also got a garage which is so far
proving to be the perfect place to hold
all of my tools and best of all I no
longer have to film videos in my living
room because for the first time in my
adult life I have my own office yeah
[__] I should exit out of that before we
started filming that was embarrassing
anyway guys say we're gonna talk about
Vin Diesel I have to admit I've never
actually seen any of the Fast & Furious
movies but it seems like Vin Diesel is
perfect at playing whatever character it
is he's playing in those movies but
they're definitely not targeted at me
I've never really been much of a car guy
it's just not in my DNA in fact my
favorite thing about my car is the
custom bumper stickers I made and put on
my car I have a thread about that on
Twitter if you're a fan of
self-promotion but the point is I've
never actually seen any two Fast and
Furious movies or xxx or Chronicles of
Riddick or the last witch hunter for
that matter now that I think about it
I'm pretty sure the only Vin Diesel
movie I've seen is the pacifier the 2005
Disney classic where he plays like a
Navy SEAL who has to babysit a bunch of
kids as part of a recon mission
predictably things get off to a bit of a
rocky start but by the end he's teaching
them a thing or two about self-defense
the kids teach him about the power of
family it's a great movie I've seen it
like ten times anyway what I'm trying to
say is I haven't seen a lot of Vin
Diesel movies like I said in the
beginning though this video isn't about
his acting which is perfectly fine
it's about what happens when he doesn't
have a script the most popular example
of Vin Diesel cringe was on this
interview from a couple years ago with a
Brazilian reporter and I'll only touch
on this briefly because a lot of you
probably already saw this this was on
the h3 podcast but it's still worth
talking about so the first few minutes
of this interview are pretty normal he's
just talking about the film he's in and
it's a little bit of a history about his
career and then he starts to bore
himself any instead turns his attention
to the interviewer and just bombards her
with compliments but
next was the first one and he got you so
beautiful god she's so beautiful yeah am
I right or wrong look at her how am I
supposed to do this interview look at
this woman she's so beautiful gone yo
man talk to me baby let's get out of
here let's go that's that's got lunch my
god I love her look how beautiful she is
thank you God Wow Wow he just keeps
going at it and going at it and she does
her best to get the interview back on
track but then a few minutes later I
guess his brain just can't handle this
much conversation so he just goes back
to like you are beautiful let's go home
and [__] man she's so [__] sexist now
I can't do this interview am I the only
one that's saying it look at her she's
so [__] beautiful it's like you can't
even do an interview with her cuz you're
just like yeah it's kind of hard to
watch but I guess that would be the
definition of cringe so we're off to a
good start
beautiful world so that was a big deal a
couple years ago rightfully so it's very
weird but it doesn't even come close to
ending there there's so much more so
let's dive a little bit deeper but to do
so we need to head over to Facebook Vin
Diesel is the king of Facebook if you
had to guess how many people currently
like Vin Diesel's page on Facebook his
fan page how many do you think 10
million 50 million not even close
a hundred million people like the Vin
Diesel fan page on Facebook Vin Diesel
and Facebook are a match made in heaven
and the main reason for that is Facebook
live streams I'm doing a live guys so
just have a seat and there's a good
refund I've never seen someone used so
many words to say so little watch the
first 30 seconds of this one and see how
much he actually says I'm giving you big
hugs in a second I'm giving you big hugs
in a second I'm doing a lie
I'm doing it live I'll get big hugs in a
second I'm doing a live I'm doing a live
I am doing a live
I'm doing a live and the reason why I'm
doing alive is because oh wait I think I
missed it what is he doing during a live
oh he's doing alive okay
after spending about two minutes saying
that he's doing alive and eventually
saying he's doing alive because he's
thankful to Comcast I'm gas has come in
and done wonders he says that you know
it's Saturday night and while everyone's
having fun as they should
the cast of Fast and Furious is here
brainstorming ideas we try to imagine
what would excite you in the future
what storylines you would like to see
continued and we try to find that the
truth in our mythology and we try to
maintain the integrity that is that is
what the Fast and Furious saga has
become to on that for a while just to
give you an idea of the type of people
that will come and brainstorm with me
he's always blowing up the spotlight you
get the feeling that Michelle Rodriguez
here and and everyone else in the room
was like oh not again he's not doing
another one of these things is he he's
gonna incorporate us in it and he's not
gonna say anything and we're just gonna
just sit there and smile for several
minutes you're watching a Facebook live
right now that's right then that's what
we're doing I guess what what this this
vis this visual shows you is dedication
and a commitment to integrity commitment
to integrity so this is alive oh it's
alive I wasn't sure I don't know about
you guys but it's hard to even focus on
what he's saying because all I can see
is the giant ass thing and his teeth but
you ready for this you want to see
something guys
just pay close attention to where it is
and then watch this next clip I'm here
because other
Pech come on stop it Melissa
it moved I've never seen that in my life
this is comedy right here guys I don't
want to hear anybody's else I was this
idea of what comedy is because it's this
we found it
okay here's another live stream where he
was at the Avengers infinity war
premiere and he's talking to the camera
he's addressing you know the live
Facebook audience and then he goes to
like another red carpet interview and
like mid-sentence in the middle of his
own sentence completely forgets that
he's live-streaming and just casually
puts his phone in his pocket
look at that and it just continues to
sit in there for the next ten minutes
before he finally pulls it out and
realizes what he did
[Music]
oh my god yo you guys have been in my
pocket the whole time I mean he
obviously handled it well but god that's
hilarious
this one actually starts off pretty
normal but that only lasts about 90
seconds journeys you see then is a big
fan of milestones
he always celebrates a milestone with a
live stream and he just hit a big 150
million but unfortunately thanks to some
bad timing he is traveling when he hits
it he's on a plane in the middle of his
big day not to worry though he has a
plan to make up for it he goes ahead and
place this very special video that he
seems to have filmed and edited himself
as a bit of a special treat for the fans
I mean don't get me wrong his silhouette
looks very sexy but God did he not
listen to that audio beforehand so that
goes on for about five minutes and then
he gots back to himself and says this
[Music]
he says nothing he doesn't say anything
here's another live stream of his that
was apparently right before he was going
on Jimmy Kimmel nothing too crazy to see
here except 60% of it is upside down
there is one pretty weird interaction
here though when he's talking to these
football players backstage and he refers
to himself as daddy daddy thank you guys
and after making sure to establish
himself as the biggest alpha male in the
room he goes out and nails that
interview purple purple maybe that's
what it is I'll admit that it might be a
little unfair of me to judge him too
harshly based on live streams a lot of
times in live streams you know I've done
twitch a few times you say some weird
things it's natural I don't have nipples
on my ankles so I don't want to judge
him too harshly for that but what we can
do is look through some of his facebook
posts now these are of course things
that he had the idea to post thought
about it decided yes I will post that
and then he posted it so a lot of extra
steps there a lot of room for
potentially being like oh maybe I won't
do that but he went ahead and decided
anyway so these are prime Vin Diesel
posts let's check them out here's a fan
edit from 2015 where he is being
sensually embraced by an elephant it's
not so much the fact that this picture
exists but the fact that he chose to put
it on his page Thank You world for
making the new XXX the return of xander
cage the number one movie in the world
is the caption to this picture I'm not
sure I see the correlation to accomplish
great things we must dream as well as
act great quote great picture what is
with him an elephants I don't understand
he's got some really good self quotes
that he's used as cover photos like this
one well love motivates me and
everything I do
Vin Diesel that's a perfectly good quote
but why even include the well it's like
he had to think about it for a second
well love motivates me and everything I
do protect our sacred places and then
it's a picture of him standing in front
of Stonehenge guys you've got to protect
Stonehenge have you seen those rocks all
stacked up on top of each other all
funny-like we gotta protect them
don't mind me just casually skipping
past three consecutive photos that
heavily feature elephants including this
one where I suppose shirtless Vin Diesel
is protecting New York from a giant
elephant I don't understand and then
finally we have this one from 2012
captioned angels and then it's well I
don't even know what to say about this
so findiso seems like a pretty wacky guy
but it doesn't stop at internet videos
or bunny memes or live streams there's
one more thing I need to show you guys
and I'm really excited about this I was
gonna make a whole video about this a
few months ago but then I just put it on
the shelf for a while and then I
realized while making this one that this
would make for the perfect ending and no
this isn't entirely about Vin Diesel I
just want to go ahead and preface that
now but he does have a pretty large role
in this and I would be remiss if I went
through this whole video without even
mentioning it and the thing I'm talking
about of course is the fast and furious
ride at Universal Studios fast and
furious supercharged is the newest
attraction at Universal Studios Orlando
and also coincidentally the worst ride I
have ever been on in my life when my
soon-to-be wife Amanda who used to work
at Universal first took me on this ride
a few months ago she prefaced it by
saying that the line is better than the
ride I'm pretty sure she meant this as a
positive but after being underwhelmed by
the fact that the line is essentially
just a very long garage I started to get
a bad feeling about what was in store
for me the first red flag that pops up
is the sheer plot of the ride I imagine
between all 75 of the Fast and Furious
movies they could have found one
exciting storyline to be the centerpiece
of this ride but instead here's the plot
you and the rest of the people on board
are on a party bus and you're on your
way to a party but right before you get
on the ride you find out that the FBI is
here to raid the place they never say
why or what the FBI is trying to find I
guess it's us they're trying to crack
down on us having fun I don't know but
like that's
plot of this ride why not just I don't
know do a race and then we could just
drive fast that would be fun I'd want to
ride that instead you spend the entire
six minutes sitting on a slow-moving bus
watching the ride this isn't ideal for a
theme park attraction but it wouldn't be
the worst thing in the world if the
thing you spent the whole ride watching
wasn't a total cringefest sure you've
seen bad acting at theme parks before
but good god I thought these guys were
professionals oh yeah there he is
there's my guy
he seems really happy to be a part of
this also what the hell is this
animation did they 3d animate each
character using PlayStation 2 graphics
they couldn't have just green-screen to
this [__] and spent more than I don't
know four days on it this is
embarrassing and I'm not the only one
who feels this way the top comment on
this POV YouTube video I'm borrowing
some extra footage from is this the
camera doesn't do it justice it's much
worse in person
this ride does its best to tarnish the
great legacy that Universal Studios has
always had in my eyes it's shittiness to
me is highlighted by the fact that it's
right next to the mummy ride which has
been around forever and is the most fun
indoor roller coaster I've ever been on
I've gone on this ride probably a
hundred times and it's still fun you
ride the fast and furious ride once and
it makes you want to throw away your
annual pass I don't know how much they
care though because they could have put
literally anything here and it would
still do its job of showcasing a few
cool cars and the ridiculously
overpriced hurch including this entire
section of signed paraphernalia by
Michelle Rodriguez anyway I'm getting
off-topic this video is about Vin Diesel
and as bad as this ride is it does do a
good job of saving the best for last
you see I was pretty disappointed coming
out of the ride until I spotted my
Curro my knight in shining armour van
it's crazy he has the time to stand
perfectly still all day long considering
all of his movies that are coming up but
I'm so glad he does best day well that
was fun I got to do that again sometime
so what was your favorite part of the
video yeah that was pretty funny but my
favorite part of the video was the ad
read which I'm now realizing I haven't
done yet big hugs in a second guys doing
an ad read during an ad read big hugs in
one second I'm doing an ad read and the
reason I'm doing an ad read is because
today's video is sponsored by skill
share we learned a lot today about our
Lord and Savior Vin Diesel but if you're
like me and you have an unquenchable
thirst for knowledge and you love to
learn new things you're gonna want to
sign up for skill shake skill share has
thousands of online classes in literally
any area of expertise you can think of
the classes I tend to use the most tend
to relate to filmmaking and video
editing graphic design because I suck at
graphic design and even as a somewhat
veteran guitar player I actually found
their guitar tutorial is very useful for
example I finally learned how to
properly hold this thing which is like
this but it's not just extracurricular
skills like that you can also learn more
practical things like which foods are
causing you to gain weight how to give
the perfect foot massage how to meditate
and I know exactly what you're thinking
right now drew that sounds great and all
but there's no way in hell that they
have an entire class devoted to the one
thing that I need which is learning how
to design a recycling aquaculture system
for fish farms and guess what [__]
you're wrong because they do you can get
unlimited access to their entire online
video library for less than $10 a month
with an annual subscription you can also
get your first two months free if you go
to SK l sh slash drew gooden - or just
click the link in the description
because that's a lot easier this offer
is only available to the first thousand
people who sign up using this link so if
you want to get a leg up on all the
other fish farmers out there you're not
gonna wanna wait thank you so much it's
go straight for sponsor today's video
remember guys link in the description if
you are interested in signing up that's
gonna do it for today
as always if this video gets 1 billion
likes I will legally marry Joey salads
whether he wants me to or not remember
to comment a very specific reference to
this video so you can prove to me that
you actually watched it and hit that
subscribe button as fast and as
furiously as humanly possible don't
forget to tune in next week to see me
get stuck in a tree
goodnight everyone
[Music]